
#mercurial and git commands

https://confluence.atlassian.com/get-started-with-bitbucket/git-and-mercurial-commands-860009656.html

#for android view construtors deep dive
https://blog.danlew.net/2016/07/19/a-deep-dive-into-android-view-constructors/

#for learning custom animation for recyclerview
https://github.com/wasabeef/recyclerview-animators

#for help/quicktour screens
https://github.com/TakuSemba/Spotlight

#new stuff and custom view learning
https://github.com/daimajia

#mastering markdown(.md)
https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/

#creating ubuntu shortcuts
https://askubuntu.com/a/1017300

#New Life-cycle of Activity and Fragments
https://stackoverflow.com/a/36340059/7240763

#Launch Modes
http://androidsrc.net/android-activity-launch-mode-example/

#Ubuntu shortcuts .desktop file content
[Desktop Entry]
Encoding=UTF-8
Version=1.0
Type=Application
Name=Android Studio 3.3.2
Icon=jetbrains-studio.png
Path=/home/arshdeep/android-studio-3.3.2/bin
Exec=sh /home/arshdeep/android-studio-3.3.2/bin/studio.sh
StartupNotify=false
StartupWMClass=jetbrains-studio
OnlyShowIn=Unity;
X-UnityGenerated=true
Name[en_IN]=Android Studio 3.3.2

#Notch screen
https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/devservice/doc/30210

#-anydpi vs -nodpi
https://stackoverflow.com/a/34370735

#compileSdkVersion, minSdkVersion, targetSdkVersion
https://medium.com/androiddevelopers/picking-your-compilesdkversion-minsdkversion-targetsdkversion-a098a0341ebd

#Handlers
https://medium.com/mindorks/mastering-android-handler-4f710296bdc6

#setRetainInstance(true)
https://www.androiddesignpatterns.com/2013/04/retaining-objects-across-config-changes.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11182180/understanding-fragments-setretaininstanceboolean
https://stackoverflow.com/a/15914053

# Pro Android 3
https://github.com/Apress/pro-android-3

# Comparable vs Comparator
https://www.javatpoint.com/difference-between-comparable-and-comparator

# ExoPlayer preview Seekbar
https://github.com/rubensousa/PreviewSeekBar

#Color tool
https://material.io/tools/color/#!/?view.left=0&view.right=0&primary.color=FFCDD2

#Java conceptual questions
https://www.journaldev.com/2366/core-java-interview-questions-and-answers

#Install java JDK on ubuntu
https://askubuntu.com/a/790674

#Generate gradle dependency tree
https://stackoverflow.com/a/39020703/7240763

#Custom coordinator Layout behaviour
https://github.com/klarson2/CustomCoordinatorLayoutBehavior

#Java Annotations Learning
https://dzone.com/articles/creating-custom-annotations-in-java

#File Provider Authorities
https://stackoverflow.com/a/52849797/7240763

adb shell am broadcast -a com.android.vending.INSTALL_REFERRER -n com.money91/org.smc.inputmethod.payboard.receivers.DeepLinkReceiver --es  "token" "sample_token" --es  "source" "banner"

MVC
https://openclassrooms.com/en/courses/4661936-develop-your-first-android-application/4679186-learn-the-model-view-controller-pattern

#Zero width space
------

#classes of problems
https://www.quora.com/What-are-P-NP-NP-complete-and-NP-hard

#zip unzip .aar file
https://stackoverflow.com/a/38861263/7240763

#git aliases
https://stackoverflow.com/a/2553799/7240763

#proguard keep rules
https://www.guardsquare.com/en/products/proguard/manual/usage#optimizationoptions

#Decompilers
https://reverseengineering.stackexchange.com/a/19032

#gradle DSL options in android
https://google.github.io/android-gradle-dsl/current/

#apk tool installation
https://ibotpeaches.github.io/Apktool/install/

#Modify classes.dex files
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29562843/modify-classes-dex-and-repack-apk-file

#agora group voice call
https://github.com/AgoraIO/Basic-Audio-Call

#whatsapp share to a specific contact
Intent intent = new Intent("android.intent.action.SEND");
intent.setPackage("com.whatsapp");
intent.putExtra("jid", "919988705744@s.whatsapp.net");
intent.putExtra("android.intent.extra.TEXT", "testing");
intent.setDataAndType(uri, mContext.getContentResolver().getType(uri));
intent.putExtra("android.intent.extra.STREAM", uri);
intent.addFlags(Intent.FLAG_GRANT_READ_URI_PERMISSION);
mContext.startActivity(Intent.createChooser(intent, "Choose an app"));

#Petrol prices
https://www.goodreturns.in/petrol-price-in-aligarh.html#Historical+Petrol+Price+in+Aligarh

#AsyncTask is not a silver bullet
https://blog.danlew.net/2014/06/21/the-hidden-pitfalls-of-asynctask/

#Thread pool executor
https://android.jlelse.eu/executor-framework-understanding-the-basics-43d575e72310

#Audio visualizer #Audio waveform
https://github.com/gauravk95/audio-visualizer-android

#generating 11 char signature
https://stackoverflow.com/a/55829661/7240763

#wake lock android
wakeLock = powerManager.newWakeLock((PowerManager.SCREEN_BRIGHT_WAKE_LOCK | PowerManager.FULL_WAKE_LOCK | PowerManager.ACQUIRE_CAUSES_WAKEUP ), "M91:wakeLock");

#apk-rename
applicationVariants.all { variant ->
        variant.outputs.all { output ->
            def project = "myProject"
            def SEP = "_"
            def flavor = variant.productFlavors[0].name
            def buildType = variant.variantData.variantConfiguration.buildType.name
            def version = variant.versionName
            def date = new Date();
            def formattedDate = date.format('ddMMyy_HHmm')

            def newApkName = project + SEP + flavor + SEP + buildType + SEP + version + SEP + formattedDate + ".apk"

            outputFileName = new File(newApkName)
        }
    }
    
    #ndk-build, generate so files
    #first export path, then run commands
    #https://saurabhsharma123k.blogspot.com/2017/02/generate-so-file-by-using-ndk-and-use.html
    ndk-build NDK_PROJECT_PATH=. NDK_APPLICATION_MK=/home/waheguru/indic/native/jni/Application.mk APP_BUILD_SCRIPT=/home/waheguru/indic/native/jni/Android.mk

#pixel calculator website
https://www.pixelcalculator.com/

#dummy/placeholder apis   ---- create api endpoints
https://requestbin.com/
https://reqres.in/
#for images
https://picsum.photos/

#comparing two commits on gitlab
https://gitlab.com/$USER/$REPO/compare?from=$SHA1&to=$SHA2
source : https://stackoverflow.com/a/50070145/7240763
better source: https://stackoverflow.com/a/58605369/7240763

#custom views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sb9OEl4k9Dk

#no permission required for picking contact through intent
https://stackoverflow.com/a/50564536/7240763

#git commands
https://www.edureka.co/blog/interview-questions/git-interview-questions/



    fun testApi(view: View) {
        Thread {
            val url = "https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/todos/1"
            val connection = URL(url).openConnection() as HttpsURLConnection
            val data = connection.inputStream.bufferedReader().readText()
            println(data)
        }.start()
    }
#alamkanak
https://alamkanak.github.io/android-libraries-and-resources/

#lottie animations readymade for flat icons
https://useanimations.com/

#for converting unicode to flag and flag to unicode
https://itpro.cz/juniconv/
ðŸ‡¦ðŸ‡«  --> \uD83C\uDDE7\uD83C\uDDEF

#for storing passwords locally
git config credential.helper store

#regex for ip or web comma separated any number
^((([\w.]+\.[A-Za-z]{2,4})|(\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3})+),?)*[^,]$

#RxJava
https://betterprogramming.pub/rxjava-mastering-different-types-of-observables-154ca9849146
https://blog.mindorks.com/understanding-types-of-observables-in-rxjava-6c3a2d0819c8
https://medium.com/mindorks/rxjava-types-of-observables-404d75605e35
https://www.baeldung.com/rxjava-2-flowable
https://betterprogramming.pub/rxjava-different-ways-of-creating-observables-7ec3204f1e23
